#31 Uninstall extension (#32)
exasol/extension-manager-interface: doc/developers_guide/developers_guide.md

npm run lint
```

## Releasing

> Currently we release this project by hand. In the future it should be done by release-droid (see [#3](https://github.com/exasol/extension-manager-interface/issues/3)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently releases for this project need to be done manually. Release-droid can be used after implementation of [RD issue #3](https://github.com/exasol/extension-manager-interface/issues/3)).
```
